Plots: guide edits and "man page" back into ref. (#3903)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/visualizing-plots.md

# Visualizing Plots

DVC can generate and render plots based on your project's data. A typical
workflow is:

1. Save some data, for example in CSV format. This may be an output file from
   your [ML pipeline].

   ```csv
   fpr, tpr,  threshold
   0.0, 0.0,  1.5
   1.0, 1.0,  0.0
   ```

2. [Define plots](#defining-plots), optionally using
   [templates](#plot-templates-data-series-only) to configure how to visualize
   the data.

   ```yaml
   plots:
     evaluation/test/plots/confusion_matrix.json: # Configure template and axes.
       template: confusion
       x: actual
       y: predicted
     ROC: # Combine multiple data sources.
       x: fpr
       y:
         evaluation/train/plots/roc.json: tpr
         evaluation/test/plots/roc.json: tpr
     evaluation/importance.png: # Plot an image.
   ```

> 3. Use `dvc plots show` to see all plots in a single view or report.

Author: Reverting per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3830#pullrequestreview-1080949315
```suggestion
3. [Show](/doc/command-reference/plots/show) all plots in a single view or
   report.
```

}
```

[dvc template anchors]: /doc/command-reference/plots/templates#custom-templates

<details>

### Example: Tabular data (CSV, TSV)

> We'll use tabular metrics file `logs.csv` for these examples:

Author: One problem in the guide: these examples are repeated in https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/plots/show. We should have them in a single place. Probably the cmd ref (casually link there if needed).

Reviewer: I'm leaving them here unless we have a strong reason not to have them. For this guide especially, example visualizations help a lot, and we have almost none in the guide as is. Also, people can use plots with VS Code or Studio and never touch the plots commands, so I don't think it's sufficient to have them there.

Author: Remove them from the command ref then? (Link to here)
